code/README.md, before:

# Important #

We use the following convention of time steps in the model:

```
y(k) = GP(u(k-n), u(k-n+1), \dots, u(k-1))
```

Note that the inputs are up to `k-1`, not `k`.

# Experiment Design #

## Input ##

## Output ##

# Training #

Two folders involved:
* `training` contains code to train the models from the data of the previous step.
* `models` contains the resulting models.

## Input ##

Data files from previous step.

## Output ##

Model files from training.

The GP models are stored in the directory `models`.
Each model is a MAT file of the following variables:
* `normalization` : a structure of normalization parameters for different variables, each field is a structure of two fields `max` and `min`. Example: `normalization.y` contains `max` and `min` for the output normalization (power).
* `stepsahead` is the number of steps of looking-ahead: 0 if the predicted output is for the current step, 1 if the predicted output is for the next step, and so on.
* `lags` is a structure that contains the lag values for different input variables, **counting backward from the stepshead horizon**. Example: `lags.u = [3 1]` with `stepsahead = 0` results in `[u(k-3), u(k-1)]` as the input; with `stepsahead = 1`, it becomes `[u(k-2), u(k)]`.
* `hyp` is the hyperparameter structure of GPML.
* `cov` is the covariance structure of GPML.
* `mean` is the mean function structure of GPML.
* `lik` is the likelihood structure of GPML.
* `X` is the matrix of row vectors of training inputs.
* `Y` is the matrix of row vectors of training outputs.
* `hypnames` is a cell array of the names of the covariance hyperparameters.
* `flogtheta` is the training results as returned by GPML.
* `validation` is the validation results, a structure of:
    * `X` are the test inputs
    * `targets` are the test outputs (unnormalized)
    * `Y` are the predicted outputs (unnormalized)
    * `S2` are the predicted variances (unnormalized)
    * `loss` is a structure of loss values (AE, SE, LPD, RMSE, SMSE, MSLL).

## How to use ##

# Control #

Folders involved:
* `control` contains the control code to run the simulation in closed-loop with OpenBuildNet.
* `controlresults` contains the results of the control simulation.

Commit message:

construct_data.m for flexible construction of training inputs. Update README about data exchange between experiment and training.

code/README.md, after:

# Important #

We use the following convention of time steps in the model:

```
y(k) = GP(u(k-n), u(k-n+1), \dots, u(k-1))
```

Note that the inputs are up to `k-1`, not `k`.

# Experiment Design #

## Input ##

## Output ##

To help ease the transition from the experiment step to the control step,
we will have separate training code that is compatible with the control code.
The experiment code should write the raw data and settings of the model to
a data file, which will be used by the training code to learn and save the
final model in the correct form for control.

A raw data file (MAT) should contain the unnormalized variables as in the
original data files (in /data folder) but from the experiment.

# Training #

Two folders involved:
* `training` contains code to train the models from the data of the previous step.
* `models` contains the resulting models.

## Input ##

Data files from previous step.

## Output ##

Model files from training.

The GP models are stored in the directory `models`.
Each model is a MAT file of the following variables:
* `normalization` : a structure of normalization parameters for different variables, each field is a structure of two fields `max` and `min`. Example: `normalization.y` contains `max` and `min` for the output normalization (power).
* `stepsahead` is the number of steps of looking-ahead: 0 if the predicted output is for the current step, 1 if the predicted output is for the next step, and so on.
* `lags` is a structure that contains the lag values for different input variables, **counting backward from the stepshead horizon**. Example: `lags.u = [3 1]` with `stepsahead = 0` results in `[u(k-3), u(k-1)]` as the input; with `stepsahead = 1`, it becomes `[u(k-2), u(k)]`.
* `hyp` is the hyperparameter structure of GPML.
* `cov` is the covariance structure of GPML.
* `mean` is the mean function structure of GPML.
* `lik` is the likelihood structure of GPML.
* `X` is the matrix of row vectors of training inputs.
* `Y` is the matrix of row vectors of training outputs.
* `hypnames` is a cell array of the names of the covariance hyperparameters.
* `flogtheta` is the training results as returned by GPML.
* `validation` is the validation results, a structure of:
    * `X` are the test inputs
    * `targets` are the test outputs (unnormalized)
    * `Y` are the predicted outputs (unnormalized)
    * `S2` are the predicted variances (unnormalized)
    * `loss` is a structure of loss values (AE, SE, LPD, RMSE, SMSE, MSLL).

## How to use ##

# Control #

Folders involved:
* `control` contains the control code to run the simulation in closed-loop with OpenBuildNet.
* `controlresults` contains the results of the control simulation.
